The first proof is to obtain the trust of Mother Wang
Secondly, the teacher
The bright moon girl actually gave birth to such a beautiful face
Mother Wang really didn't lie to me
Uh, Mama Wang asked you to come to me
Of course.
Mother Wang married me
Let you be with me tonight
Spend the Spring Festival together
The emperor's mother is really shrewd
Looks like we're going to have a tough battle.
This son
Then you wait slowly.
I have something else to do
I'll go first
Then this son is waiting for a girl's Fangze
Mother Wang, this Mingyue girl really has a big face
Let us sisters wait for the news.
Is a thorn
Also medical
They said they were going to treat us.
I don't know how capable I am
If you really have some ability
It will also end up in this place of fireworks
Yo, Cao Cao, Cao Cao will come
How is Mr. Chen satisfied with you?
It seems that Mother Wang is quite well prepared
I'm afraid I won't be able to enjoy it.
Now that everyone is here
Then don't waste time
Let's get started